add BIP341 key tweaking to bitcoin examples (#3948)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/multi-chain/bitcoin/using-btc/generate-addresses.mdx

API. The [basic Bitcoin
example](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/rust/basic_bitcoin)
also demonstrates how to generate two different types of `P2TR` addresses,

> a key-only address and an address allowing to spend using a key or script, from a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a key-only address and an address allowing spending using a key or script, from a
```
